Right-
And any of you need more help, too, Marvin can also help you with that.
And the same actually goes with the... with the project of this, um,
of this course.
Um, it's very straightforward.
the project of this course, that is.
If you go to the Explore US Bank Share Data,
Um, there are pages...
with practice problems and practice solutions.
Um, in those practice problems, you're gonna create functions that you're gonna use in your
final project.
And in addition to another functionality.
And use this page.
Just this slide as a reference. So, these are what you need to do, load...
the CSV files, print out the starter sticks,
And this is the item that most learners...
many learners forgot to do.
Because it's not in one...
in any of the exercises. You need to print 5 rows of data at a time.
And then ask if users want to restart.
Okay, you've already seen this earlier, so I won't...
I don't need to, uh, get too long in the screenshot part.
Alright- So that's pretty much it.
And if you do have...
time, these...
Um, go to this page.
And provide a feedback.
Yeah, you're very welcome, Jenya, Sarah.
Not actually quite sure which one is the first name, sorry.
Maybe it's Jania, isn't it-
Anya, alright.
Yes, it's Hanya. Sounds like an age. Yes, it's Hania.
Okay, uh, apologize.
In Spanish, yes, the J sounds like H. Sometimes
Okay. Got it.
On the air.
Okay, okay.
Sounds really nice, by the way. Anya.
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the session. Really, really productive and
Yeah, yeah, very welcome.
Yeah, well explained. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
And again, if you have any issue at all with this project,
Um, I know we haven't really covered much on the project side itself,
Because as you can see, like, the fundamentals of Python, it's just a lot.
And I don't want to leave the...
people who are unfamiliar with Python behind.
So that's why I covered the fundamentals.
But if you need more help with your projects,
Please, by all means, um, either ask your questions in the community, or...
or set up a one-on-one session with me, if you need even further help.
I'll be very happy to... to...